JAVA
Topping the Mashable's most popular programming languages list is Java. 
Java is seen as the programming language of choice for IoT, enterprise architecture
and cloud computing.The language has also been raked on top by efinancialcareers's
survey for most in-demand programming languages on Wall Street in 2015.
Java is also at the central of a patent battle between Google and Oracle. 
Oracle sued Google in 2010, claiming that Google had improperly incorporated parts
of Java into Android.

JavaScript
Next on the list is JavaScript. Widely regarded as the language of the web
it is used to add interactivity to web pages. The language supports all major 
web browsers including Safari, Internet Explorer and Firefox.

C#
Third on the list is Microsoft's C#. According to the company, "You can use C# 
to create Windows client applications, XML Web services, distributed components
client-server applications, database applications, and much, much more.
Visual C# provides an advanced code editor, convenient user interface designers 
integrated debugger, and many other tools to make it easier to develop applications 
based on the C# language and the .NET Framework."

PHP
Next on the list is PHP, the language which forms the backbone of many present-day 
content management systems including WordPress.The language regarded as an essential
tool for building modern web applications was originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf
in 1994.

C++
The fifth hottest programming language to learn in 2015 is C++. A general purpose 
language, it is considered as the go-to language for high-volume/high frequency 
trading.The language also figures in prominently in efinancialcareers's survey. 
"Due to the high cost of moving to new technologies there will continue to be 
significant demand for those who can programme in languages compatible with the 
legacy environment,” says the survey quoting Gina Schiller, vice president at 
Jay Gaines & Company.The language has also been standardized by the 
International Organization for Standardization (ISO).

Python
The general purpose, object-oriented language Python ranks at No. 6 on the 
Mashable's list. Considered as programming language for everybody, Python's source 
code is freely available and open for modification and reuse.According to a recent 
WANTED Analytics, demand for Python programming expertise increased 96.9% in
big-data related positions in the last twelve months. Some of the topBig Data 
employers of 2014 are Cisco, IBM, Oracle, Teradata and Sabre.

C
The next language on Mashable's '15 programming languages you need to know in 2015'
list is C. The language was originally developed at AT&T Bell Labs by Dennis Ritchie
between 1969 and 1973.According to Mashable, C is in demand as it is "...small 
fast and powerful. If you’re building software for embedded systems, working with 
system kernels or just want to squeeze every last drop of the resources you have 
at hand, C is lean, mean and ready to scream."




